What's wrong with the chengguan here?
And
Why is he a servant in our bedroom?
Madam, are you not blind?
My eyes have healed.
As a result, I saw such a dirty shadow
That's not possible.
I've taken you to so many famous doctors before
There's nothing they can do.
Why did it suddenly heal?
Li Yangchen, now is not the time to talk about this.
Why did you betray me?
Why hurt Butler Chen?
Okay, you want to know why?
Then I'll tell you.
You Xia Meng are a rich lady
And I'm just a poor boy in the mountains
Do you know what they say about me behind my back?
They say I'm just a soft eater
I raised you high
I didn't expect you to care about this
That's all I care about. Why?
You never respected me in your eyes
I never looked up.
But Maggie is different
She looks up to me. She looks up to me.
In her eyes, I am a true man
Miki is that choppy heat wave
And your end of summer is like a lifeless backwater
Li Yangchen
I never looked down on you.
You are too sensitive
You touched my bottom line today
Let's get a divorce